# Simulation of site-level LTBF experiments with three versions of MIMICS model
---

Simulation of site-level long-term bare fallow (LTBF) experiments with three versions of MIMICS model

## Description of the Data and file structure
The simulation of site-level long-term bare fallow (LTBF) experiments contains the following data and code files:
  •	For the simulation results, there are three csv files: "prediction_BF_MIMICSa.csv", "prediction_BF_MIMICSb.csv", and "prediction_BF_MIMICSc.csv". The meanings of the symbols in the three csv files are as follows. MIC_1 is r-type microbial biomass. MIC_2 is K-type microbial biomass. SOM_1 IS physically protected carbon.	SOM_2 is chemically recalcitrant carbon.	SOM_3 is available carbon.	TSOC_pre is total soil organic cabon (unit mgC_per_cm3). TSOC_pre_kg is total soil organic cabon (unit gC_per_kgSoil).
  •	The main codes to generate the results are six R files and three ipynb files.
The six R files are "MIMICSa.R", "MIMICSb.R", "MIMICSc.R", "TSOC_4temp_bf_MIMICSa.R", "TSOC_4temp_bf_MIMICSb.R" and "TSOC_4temp_bf_MIMICSc.R'.  
"MIMICSa.R", "MIMICSb.R", "MIMICSc.R" are codes for three revised versions of MIMICS model.
    •	"MIMICSa.R" describes the original version of the MIMICS model
    •	"MIMICSb.R" describes the implementation of the MIMICS model with revised mineral adsorption description.
    •	"MIMICSc.R" describes the implementation of the MIMICS model with revised maximum adsorption capacity.
The three ipynb files are "Optimization_simulation_MIMICSa.ipynb", "Optimization_simulation_MIMICSb.ipynb", and "Optimization_simulation_MIMICSc.ipynb". The  three ipynb files are writen with R language and used to conduct parameter optimization and simulation with three versions of MIMICS model. The driving data for the three ipynb files are bare fallow data from Barré et al. (2010) and incubation data from Lefèvre et al. (2014).
  •	The Figures 2-4 in the manuscript illustrated the bare fallow simulation results and are generated by three ipynb files: "Fig.2_bar_plot_initial_C_fractions_beta.ipynb", "Fig.3 Simulated_Cpools_LTBF.ipynb", and "Fig.4 Plot_desorption_adsorption_fluxes.ipynb".

